I.	ZEXDEX PROJECT
1.	OVERVIEW OF ZEXDEX
Zexdex is a crypto services platform, a decentralized exchange, and a decentralized launchpad that allows users to launch their tokens and generate their token sales. Users do not need to register and can transact directly with their wallets. Unlike centralized exchanges. Zexdex doesn't keep your coins while trading.
We provide 6 main services: Zexdex-Exchange, Zexdex-Launchpad Zexdex-Events, Zexdex-Audit&KYC, Zexdex-Tools, and Zexdex-Partners.
2.	FEATURES
Our goal is to provide safe services for all investors using our Zexdex ecosystem.
With this in mind, we have implemented strict Audit and KYC processes to prevent malicious and fraudulent practices from entering our platform.
The most important thing to us is that the community, the investors, and Developers feel protected and can trust that Zexdex is a safe place for them to invest in crypto projects.
Zexdex will support the Multi-chain transaction, make transactions more secure, make the price better, provide the best services price, Put an end to the bots, and aggregate various cross-chain methods.
3.	ROADMAP
Q3-2022:
We Start with the Zexdex  
Zexdex development
Cooperate with multiple projects, partners
Testnet
Q4-2022:
Marketing and Partnership
Strategy development
Main net
The target of 10-30 IDOs every month
Q1-2023:
Private Sale
Public sale
Listing on Dexs and Cexs
Expansion to more Blockchains
Perfecting the ZEXDEX ecosystem
II.	INTRODUCTION OF ZEXDEX TOKEN
1.	TOKEN METRICS
Zexdex tokenomics are designed to create lasting value. 
Zexdex will be used within all platforms.
Total Supply: 500,000 Tokens.
Private Sale: 15% of the total. 10% release at TGE, Linear vesting in 18 months
Public Sale: 5% of the total. 25% release at TGE, Linear vesting in 3 months
Ecosystem: 25% of the total. 5% at TGE, linear vesting in 38 months
Marketing: 20% of the total. 5% at TGE, linear vesting in 38 months
Liquidity: 10% of the total. 100% at TGE
Team: 15% of the total. 2 years cliff, linear vesting in 15 months
Burn: 10% of the total. 5% each quarter
2.	UTILITY OF ZEXDEX TOKEN
Zexdex token will be used within all platforms and every month, We will use 30% of Our profits to buy back the token and burn.
III.	MAIN PRODUCTS
1.	ZEXDEX-EXCHANGE
1.1.	EXCHANGE
1.1.1.	DECENTRALIZED
Zexdex is a decentralized exchange. Users do not need to register and can transact directly with their wallets. Unlike centralized exchanges. Zexdex doesn't keep your coins while trading.
1.1.2.	LOW FEES
Unlike most other DEX platforms, Low fees to create the tokens and sell your tokens, and low fees when you buy them!
1.1.3.	SECURITY
Authorize once and use it in multiple places to make transactions more secure.
1.2.	LIQUIDITY
Liquidity pools enable users to buy and sell crypto on decentralized exchanges and other Defi platforms without the need for centralized market makers.
A liquidity pool is a crowdsourced pool of cryptocurrencies or tokens locked in a smart contract that is used to facilitate trades between the assets on a decentralized exchange (DEX). Instead of traditional markets of buyers and sellers, many decentralized finance (Defi) platforms use automated market makers (AMMs), which allow digital assets to be traded in an automatic and permissionless manner through the use of liquidity pools.
2.	ZEXDEX -LAUNCHPAD
THE BENEFITS
Participation in private sales in the best token pools.
Zexdex Platform is a Launchpad where selected projects are for the development of the crypto ecosystem.
2.1.	FAIR-LAUNCH
2.1.1.	WHAT IS THE FAIR LAUNCH?
Fair launches are another sort of crowdfunding in the crypto world. In this system, the project sells tokens to all participants equally. Tokens follow a fair and balanced distribution in a proper fair launch.
2.1.2.	HOW TO CREATE A FAIR LAUNCH?
Step 1: Verify Token
Connect your wallet
Choose the Token you want to sell
Click on Approve
Step 2: Fair-Launch Information
Submit have to fill out the Amount, Softcap, Allocation per user, Fair-Launch time, Liquidity rate, Lock liquidity time, and Dex.
	Amount: The number of tokens you want to sell, positive numbers.
	Softcap: Softcap refers to the minimum defined limit for the collection of funds
	Allocation per user: Min buy and Max buy
Fair-Launch time: Fairlaunch start date, end day
Liquidity rate: The minimum value is 51%, and the maximum value is 100%.
 	The liquidity lock time must be greater than 1 hour
	Step 3: Project Information
	You should submit the logo, social media, and description of the project 
	Click on finish
Note: You can edit the following: Fail-launch Information and Project Information.
Step 4: Finalize a Fair Launch
Go to the Fair Launch
Click on “My Launchpad”
In the “Owner Zone” section, you can choose to click “Finalize Pool” to complete the Launchpad and list your Token, or you can choose to cancel it.
2.2.	PRIVATE SALE
2.2.1.	WHAT IS A PRIVATE SALE?
A private sale, as its name suggests, is the sale of coins or tokens to specific early investors. You need to whitelist tickets from Zexdex (hold Zexdex tokens) and Project to buy a Private Sale.
2.2.2.	HOW TO CREATE A PRIVATE SALE?
The crypto projects looking for funds raised via a Private Sale may submit the form below to apply for consideration and we will get back to you in a short interval!
2.3.	PUBLIC SALE
2.3.1.	WHAT IS A PUBLIC SALE?
A public sale, as its name suggests, is the sale of coins or tokens to all investors. You don't need to whitelist tickets from Zexdex and Project to buy public sales.
2.3.2.	HOW TO CREATE A PUBLIC SALE?
The crypto projects looking for funds raised via a Public Sale may submit the form below to apply for consideration and we will get back to you in a short interval!
3.	ZEXDEX-NFT
3.1.	NFT MARKETPLACE
Our vision is that everyone can create, buy and sell their digital collectibles easily, securely, and with low fees.
Just upload your work, create it to make it unique, and start monetizing whenever someone buys it.
Identity and ownership are verified by a blockchain and are not mutually interchangeable.
3.1.1.	HOW TO MINT THE NFT?
Go to NFT Marketplace
Connect your wallet
Click on “My NFT”
Click on “Create your NFT”
Please upload your NFT and fill out the required information
Click on mint NFT.
3.1.2.	HOW TO SELL THE NFT?
Go to NFT Marketplace
Connect your wallet
Click on “My NFT”
Select the NFT you want to sell 
Fillout NFT information
Click on Sell NFT
3.1.3.	HOW TO BUY THE NFT?
Go to NFT Marketplace
Connect your wallet
Choose your favorite NFT
Checking related information
Click on Buy NFT
3.2.	INO LAUNCHPAD
INO is another sort of crowdfunding in the crypto world. In this system, the project sells NFTs to all participants equally. NFTs follow a fair and balanced distribution in a proper fair launch.
3.2.1.	HOW TO CREATE AN INO LAUNCHPAD?
The NFT projects looking for funds raised via an INO may submit the form below to apply for consideration and we will get back to you in a short interval!
3.2.2.	HOW TO BUY INO LAUNCHPAD
Go to INO Launchpad
Connect your wallet
Choose your favorite NFT
Checking related information
Click on Buy NFT
3.3.	STAKE NFT
NFT staking refers to the locking up of NFTs on a platform or protocol to receive staking rewards and other privileges. This allows NFT holders to earn a passive income while still maintaining ownership of their NFTs.
3.3.1.	HOW TO STAKE THE NFT?
    Connect your wallet
Click on stake NFT
Select the NFT you want to stake 
Checking related information
Click on Stake
4.	ZEXDEX-EVENTS
4.1.	AIRDROP EVENT
4.1.1.	WHAT IS THE AIRDROP EVENT?
Many crypto companies distribute free coins to their communities to increase their project’s visibility, increase the circulating supply and stimulate trade. These free distributions are commonly known as airdrops.
We allow the owner of the project to post the Airdrop event on the zexdex event, Our Platform will help the project be better communicated, and reach more users.
4.2.	AMA EVENT
4.2.1.	WHAT IS THE AMA EVENT?
Crypto AMA is a session where crypto enthusiasts meet to discuss the latest crypto projects in a live session or a pre-planned AMA session. The Crypto AMA session is divided into different phases to answer different questions about the new crypto project. In crypto AMA, there is nothing that is hidden concerning the Crypto project, after all, you want people to invest in your crypto project so it is best to uncover everything and assuage the affairs of the community members that are present at the event.
5.	ZEXDEX-AUDIT&KYC
5.1.	AUDIT
5.1.1.	WHAT IS AN AUDIT?
 A smart contract security audit examines and comments on a project's smart contract code. Typically, these contracts are written in Solidity programming language and provided via GitHub. Security audits are particularly valuable for Defi projects that expect to handle blockchain transactions worth millions of dollars or a huge amount of players. The audits usually follow a four-step process
 Smart contracts are provided to the audit team for initial analysis, The audit team presents their findings to the project for them to act upon, The project team makes changes based on the issues found, and The audit team releases their final report, considering any new changes or outstanding errors.
 For many crypto users, smart contract audits are essential when investing in new Defi projects. It's become a standard for projects that want to be taken seriously. Certain audit providers are also seen as industry leaders, making their audits more valuable in investors' eyes.
5.2.	KYC
5.2.1.	WHAT IS KYC?
“Know Your Customer” (KYC) is a compliance process that financial institutions and certain companies employ to collect identity-establishing credentials from new customers who open accounts at their firms. It is a preventative measure that helps to clamp down on money laundering, terrorism funding, and other criminal behavior like a fraud.
6.	ZEXDEX -TOOLS
Zexdex-tools build developer tooling for blockchain networks and protocols aimed at empowering the developer community to build and ship applications faster and better.
Create Token, Multi-Sender, and Zexdex Locker
6.1.	CREATE TOKEN
How to create a token?
Connect your wallet
Click on Zexdex-tools 
Click on Create Token
Input all necessary information in the required (Token name, Token Symbol, Total Supply, Decimals)
Click on Create a New Token
6.2.	MULTI-SENDER
How to use Multi Sender Tool?
Connect your wallet
Click to Zexdex-tools 
Click on Multi Sender
Input all necessary information in the required (Address list, Add amounts)
Click on Confirm
Click on Send
6.3.	ZEXDEX-LOCK
How to use the Lock Tool?
Connect your wallet
Click on Zexdex-tools 
Click on Lock
Input all necessary information in the required ( Token address, Title, Amount, Use Vesting, Lock Until )
Click on Lock
7.	ZEXDEX -PARTNERS
We will help you to connect with the best and most chosen Partners in the cryptocurrency world. Marketing Partners, Audit & KYC Partners, Developer Partners, Dex partners, Cex partners
7.1.	MARKETING PARTNERS
Marketing Partners can help you push your campaigns through our social media and telegram channels with over 30,000 followers. They can also perform AMAs in their channels
If you're looking for a marketing service, please contact one of the following services:
7.2.	AUDIT, KYC PARTNERS
We can help connect you with the best and most chosen AUDIT, and KYC services in the cryptocurrency world, we have good relationships.
If you're looking for a marketing service, please contact one of the following services:
7.3.	DEVELOPER PARTNERS
We have partners with several development software companies, Game Studios, Web Development, UI Designers, and Graphic Designers, So whatever you need, we can deliver!
If you're looking for a marketing service, please contact one of the following services:
7.4.	DEX PARTNERS
We can help you connect with the best and most chosen DEX in the cryptocurrency world, we have good relationships with well-known DEX
If you're looking for a marketing service, please contact one of the following services:
7.5.	CEX PARTNERS
We can help you connect with the best and most chosen Exchanges in the cryptocurrency world, we have good relationships with well-known Exchange
If you're looking for a marketing service, please contact one of the following services:
8.	LIST OF SERVICES AND FEES
8.1.	BINANCE SMART CHAIN
A Private Sale, Public Sale, Fairlaunch, INO       1BNB + 2% of BNB raised
An Airdrop Event                                  0.5BNB
An AMA Event                                    3BNB
KYC                                               700 us$
AUDIT                                             500 us$
Create a token                                      0.3BNB
Zexdex Lock                                       0.3BNB
8.2.	ETHEREUM NETWORK
A Private Sale, Public Sale, Fairlaunch, INO       0.2ETH + 2% of ETH raised
An Airdrop Event                                  0.1ETH
An AMA Event                                    0.6ETH
KYC                                               700 us$
AUDIT                                             500 us$
Create a token                                      0.06ETH
Zexdex Lock                                       0.06ETH







